What we're going to do, we're going to explain the project, I'm going to give you a high-level overview of the project. So the project is a site-to-site VPN with PFSense, we simulate all that in a virtual box environment. So let me give you an idea, I mean, I know that you know the architecture, but I'm just going to lay it there. So we have two PFSense VMs, and each with one interface in the LAN interface, and each LAN interface we have a client VM. So as you know from the previous conversation, I managed to make the connection between the two sites with WireGuard. So I need you to write a full report on this project, it's a site-to-site project VPN with WireGuard and PFSense, we will choose the title another time. So the details that I want to add, let me see. So let's highlight all different aspects of the steps, configuring from adding the peers, from configuring the one endpoint as a server and another as a client, we might highlight that as well. And also explaining the different types of virtual box adapters. So in this project, we used the NAT network type adapter, it's different than NAT because both can give you access to the same internet, but not talk to other VMs, so we used NAT network. What else? Yeah, that's it for now, so I want a full detailed report, so I'm going to need it in latex, so you're going to give me the full text in latex, and I'm going to go to another website to generate the latex. So I'm going to also add some pictures along with this report, so maybe pictures, you think of the pictures that I should, like some, maybe the picture of BF Sense or something else, but definitely, for definitely sure, the steps involved, like taking screenshots of the firewall and the ping and what's not, and all the important stuff that you're going to need. So since you're not going to be able to generate all the text, so I'm going to, you're going to somehow just write the text as, you're going to write the name of the image file as the caption, for example, if we have a picture of, let's say, configuring the WAN interface, you're going to have the picture of the WAN interface, and this picture is going to have the caption, like configuring the WAN interface. You're going to, in the latex code, you're going to pretend that the caption is the name of the file, so I'm going to later add the pictures and the name of the caption, so it's going to be added in the latex compiler. And that's it for now, that's on my top of my head right now, if there's anything else, we can see it later maybe. So I'm going to give you a very detailed text, and a few detailed steps, and the report must be at maximum, or it's going to be around 20 pages to 25 pages, okay? That's going to be how much the report.
